I saw an actual bus on the M4 bus lane this morning
not as mundane as mechanics
you need belgium to turn around in
he makes me sick!
most luxury cars have 21st century treehugging engines, but not this one: trees start to shudder when they hear this one comming
granny handbrake parking
they forgot to look at the back
"will you drive it if we send you to portugal and stuff you full with excellent food?" "well, ok..."
it wobles when you turn the windscreen wiper on
I don't wanna drive around in an appliance
when the kids had covered every inch of paint with fingerprints, it was time to vote
i could vomit on you now
the racing line of righteousness
would he be impressed with the bishop of lewis?
it's the 16th century all over again, the roman catholics come in second again
if you don't mind 7 miles to the gallon, this car flies
the back is huge, it'll take anything, up to and including a horse
it's like driving around in a branche of dixons
because of the way the bbc is funded, we had a budget of 500 quid
because of the unique way the bbc is funded, we had a budget of 500 quid
you can remember the eighties like it's only a couple of decades away...
this isn't a democracy.. this is topgear..
it's a foul car, it should come with a taxi light on the top
next week, the germans are coming... we'll have a laugh
the ford fusion, which is in fact a ford fiesta, in a hat
corners are best taken with your eyes shut
2 engines.. ridicululous! twice the fuel bill!
it sounds like Darth Vader's in the booth
it wobbles when you turn the windscreen wiper on
it's so dull, you'd better park it in an obvious place, or else you might forget you bought it
this thing corners like it's in a cartoon
if you're used to f1 cars everything else is a bit sluggish
and now they've come up with a microwave..
in a Bentley no one can hear you scream..
what did you drop the camera for? I told you it's a scary car!
Have you ever wondered how ... palace would look going sideways? Let me turn of the traction control and we'll see.
It's about as English as an oven glove with cats on it.
"So you are saying that your car has a bigger penis than our car?"  "Yes, I have the superior model."
mothers will be fishing kids out of chubby cupboardholes for years
what we want in brittain is a convertible for the sunny days with a foldable hardtop for the other 364 days
it's just not right. a diesel cabrio is just like a supermodel smoking a pipe
oiltanker captains have been heard saying their tanker has the turning circle of the renault clio three litre
you could only go four inches before you ran out of petrol
the laws of physics no longer apply
but let's be honest: you could stick a bmw-label on a dead cat and people would buy it
it really is as usefull as a snooze button on a smoke alarm
a gunship, in your rearview mirror
no I'm obviously not going to ride the bike, because I'm a heterosexual
I've driven many XJSses in the past, but this is the first time I feel I'm actually involved in the process
is it a gunplatform for drive by shootings or is it a real car?
because its handling is so soft it leans in the corners... on its doorhandles
and then there's the turning circle, which is worse than Jupiter's
france is a country you have to drive through to get to italy, that's all it for
can germany beat russia in being the fastest brittain?
