Sacrifice (Temple):  All we ask here is that you give us your heart.
Planning:  Much work remains to be done before we can announce our total failure to make any progress.
Disloyalty:  There comes a time when every team must learn to make individual sacrifices.
Burnout:  Attitudes are contagious. Mine might kill you.
Leaders:  Leaders are like eagles. We don't have either of them here.
Dare to Slack:  When birds fly in the right formation, they need only exert half the effort. Even in nature, teamwork results in collective laziness.
Arrogance:  The best leaders inspire by example. When that's not an option, brute intimidation works pretty well, too.
Apathy:  If we don't take care of the customer,maybe they'll stop bugging us.
Individuality:  Always remember that you are unique. Just like everybody else.
Retirement:  Because you've given so much of yourself to the Company that you don't have anything left we can use.
Potential:  Not everyone gets to be an astronaut when they grow up.
Overconfidence:  Before you attempt to beat the odds, be sure you could survive the odds beating you.
Inspiration:  Genius is 1 percent inspiration and 99% perspiration, which is why engineers sometimes smell really bad.
Goals:  It's best to avoid standing directly between a competitive jerk and his goals.
Disservice:  It takes months to find a customer, but only seconds to lose one... the good news is that we should run out of them in no time.
Dreams:  Dreams are like rainbows. Only idiots chase them.
Get To Work:  You aren't being paid to believe in the power of your dreams.
Losing:  If at first you don't succeed, failure may be your style.
Futility:  You'll always miss 100% of the shots you don't take, and, statistically speaking, 99% of the shots you do.
Wishes:  When you wish upon a falling star, your dreams can come true. Unless it's really a meteorite hurtling to the Earth which will destroy all life. Then you're pretty much hosed no matter what you wish for. Unless it's death by meteor.
Trouble:  Luck can't last a lifetime unless you die young.
Sacrifice:  Your role may be thankless, but if you're willing to give it your all, you just might bring success to those who outlast you.
Demotivation:  Sometimes the best solution to morale problems is just to fire all of the unhappy people.
Mediocrity:  It takes a lot less time and most people won't notice the difference until it's too late.
Consulting:  If you're not a part of the solution,there's good money to be made in prolonging the problem.
Despair:  It's always darkest just before it goes pitch black.
Underachievement:  The tallest blade of grass is the first to be cut by the lawnmower.
Humiliation:  The harder you try, the dumber you look.
Effort:  Hard work never killed anybody, but it is illegal in some places.
Defeat:  For every winner, there are dozens of losers. Odds are you're one of them.
Achievement:  You can do anything you set your mind to when you have vision, determination, and an endless supply of expendable labor.
Failure:  When your best just isn't good enough.
Pessimism:  Every dark cloud has a silver lining, but lightning kills hundreds of people each year who are trying to find it.
Ineptitude:  If you can't learn to do something well, learn to enjoy doing it poorly.
Problems:  No matter how great and destructive your problems may seem now, remember, you've probably only seen the tip of them
Indifference:  It takes 43 muscles to frown and 17 to smile, but it doesn't take any to just sit there with a dumb look on your face.
Quality:  The race for quality has no finish line- so technically, it's more like a death march.
Laziness:  Success is a journey, not a destination. So stop running.
Success:  Some people dream of success, while other people live to crush those dreams.
Power:  Power corrupts. Absolute power corrupts absolutely. But it rocks absolutely, too.
Change (winds):  When the winds of change blow hard enough, the most trivial of things can become deadly projectiles.
Idiocy:  Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
Blame:  The secret to success is knowing who to blame for your failures.
Flattery:  If you want to get to the top, prepare to kiss a lot of the bottom.
Elitism:  It's lonely at the top, but it's comforting to look down upon everyone at the bottom.
Risks:  If you never try anything new, you'll miss out on many of life's great disappointments.
Pressure:  It can turn a lump of coal into a flawless diamond, or an average person into a perfect basketcase.
Teamwork:  A few harmless flakes working together can unleash an avalanche of destruction.
Beauty:  If you're attractive enough on the outside, people will forgive you for being irritating to the core.
Adversity:  That which does not kill me postpones the inevitable.
Delusions:  There is no greater joy than soaring high on the wings of your dreams, except maybe the joy of watching a dreamer who has nowhere to land but in the ocean of reality.
Mistakes:  It could be that the purpose of your life is only to serve as a warning to others.
Limitations:  Until you spread your wings, you'll have no idea how far you can walk.
Bitterness:  Never be afraid to share your dreams with the world, because there's nothing the world loves more than the taste of really sweet dreams.
Cluelessness:  There are no stupid questions, but there are a LOT of inquisitive idiots.
Incompetence:  When you earnestly believe you can compensate for a lack of skill by doubling your efforts, there's no end to what you can't do.
Discovery:  A company that will go to the ends of the Earth for its people will find it can hire them for about 10% of the cost of Americans.
Conformity:  When people are free to do as they please, they usually imitate each other.
Intimidation:  No one can make you feel inferior without your consent, but you'd be a fool to withhold that from your superiors.
Insanity:  It's difficult to comprehend how insane some people can be. Especially when you're insane.
Madness:  Madness does not always howl. Sometimes, it is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, "Hey, is there room in your head for one more?"
Ignorance:  It's amazing how much easier it is for a team to work together when no one has any idea where they're going.
Compromise:  Let's agree to respect each others views, no matter how wrong yours may be
Regret:  It hurts to admit when you make mistakes - but when they're big enough, the pain only lasts a second
Destiny:  You were meant for me. Perhaps as a punishment.
Irresponsibility:  No single raindrop believes it is to blame for the flood.
Nepotism:  We promote family values here - almost as often as we promote family members.
Loneliness:  If you find yourself struggling with loneliness, you're not alone. And yet you are alone. So very alone.
Strife:  As long as we have each other, we'll never run out of problems.
Misfortune:  While good fortune often eludes you, this kind never misses.
Ambition:  The journey of a thousand miles sometimes ends very, very badly
Doubt:  In the battle between you and the world, bet on the world.
Do it Later:  The early worm is for the birds.
Stupidity:  Quitters never win, winners never quit, but those who never win AND never quit are idiots.
Dysfunction:  The only consistent feature in all of your dissatisfying relationships is you.
Agony:  Not all pain is gain.
Meetings:  None of us is as dumb as all of us.
Persistence:  It's over, man. Let her go.
Motivation:  If a pretty poster and a cute saying are all it takes to motivate you, you probably have a very easy job. The kind robots will be doing soon.
Change:  It's a short trip from riding the waves of change to being torn apart by the jaws of defeat.
Fear:  Until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore, you will not know the terror of being forever lost at sea
Hazards:  There is an island of opportunity in the middle of every difficulty. Miss that, though, and you're pretty much doomed.
Procrastination:  Hard work often pays off after time, but laziness always pays off now.
Worth:  Just because you're necessary doesn't mean you're important 
Pretension:  The downside of being better than everyone else is that people tend to assume you're pretentious.